website/integrations: add nextcloud ldap config and update doc to new styling (#14866)
goauthentik/authentik: website/integrations/services/nextcloud/index.mdx

            - **Subject Mode**: `Based on the User's UUID`
    - **Configure Bindings** _(optional)_: you can create a [binding](/docs/add-secure-apps/flows-stages/bindings/) (policy, group, or user) to manage the listing and access to applications on a user's **My applications** page.

3. Click **Submit** to save the new application and provider.

:::note
Depending on your Nextcloud configuration, you may need to use `https://nextcloud.company/index.php/` instead of `https://nextcloud.company/`.
:::

## Nextcloud configuration

1. In Nextcloud, ensure that the **OpenID Connect user backend** app is installed.
2. Log in to Nextcloud as an administrator and navigate to **Settings** > **OpenID Connect**.
3. Click the **+** button and enter the following settings:

    - **Identifier**: `authentik`
    - **Client ID**: Client ID from authentik.
    - **Client secret**: Client secret from authentik.
    - **Discovery endpoint**: `https://authentik.company/application/o/<application-slug>/.well-known/openid-configuration`
    - **Scope**: `email profile openid` (omit `openid` if preferred)
    - Under **Attribute mappings**:

>         - **User ID mapping**: `sub` (or `user_id` for existing users)

Author: What would be your recommendation for the edited line?

        - **Email mapping**: `email`
        - **Quota mapping**: `quota` (leave blank if the `Nextcloud Profile` property mapping was skipped)
        - **Groups mapping**: `groups` (leave blank if the `Nextcloud Profile` property mapping was skipped)

            :::tip
            Enable **Use group provisioning** to allow writing to this field.
            :::

    - **Use unique user ID**: If deselected, Nextcloud uses the mapped user ID in the Federated Cloud ID.

    :::tip
    To avoid a hashed Federated Cloud ID, deselect **Use unique user ID** and use `user_id` for the User ID mapping.
    :::

    :::danger
    If you are using a the `Nextcloud Profile` property mapping and want administrators to be able to log in, ensure that **Use unique user ID** is deselected. Otherwise, this setting will remove administrator users from the internal admin group and replace them with a hashed group ID named "admin", which lacks actual administrator access rights.
    :::

## Making OIDC the default login method

Automatically redirect users to authentik when they access Nextcloud by running the following command on your Nextcloud instance:

    ```bash

>     sudo -u www-data php var/www/nextcloud/occ config:app:set --value=0 user_oidc allow_multiple_user_backends

Author: Good point. I found this command recommended on the nextcloud GitHub. The recommended nextcloud install uses Docker, so it should be relevant to the majority of users

    - **Configure Bindings** _(optional)_: you can create a [binding](/docs/add-secure-apps/flows-stages/bindings/) (policy, group, or user) to manage the listing and access to applications on a user's **My applications** page.

3. Click **Submit** to save the new application and provider.

## Create an LDAP outpost

1. Log in to authentik as an admin, and open the authentik Admin interface.
2. Navigate to **Applications** > **Outposts** and click **Create**.

    - **Name**: provide a suitable name for the outpost.
    - **Type**: `LDAP`
    - Under applications, add the newly created Nextcloud application to **Selected Applications**.

3. Click **Create**.

## Nextcloud configuration

1. In Nextcloud, ensure that the **LDAP user and group backend** app is installed.
2. Log in to Nextcloud as an administrator.
3. Navigate to **Settings** > **LDAP user and group backend** and configure the following settings:

    - On the **Server** tab:

        - Click the **+** icon and enter the following settings:
            - **Host**: enter the hostname/IP address of the authentik LDAP outpost preceded by `ldap://`

>             - **Port**: `389`

Author: Added LDAPS as an option

        - Note the **Client ID** and **slug** values because they will be required later.
        - Set a `Strict` redirect URI to `https://nextcloud.company/apps/user_oidc/code`.
        - Select any available signing key.
        - Under **Advanced Protocol Settings**:
            - _(optional)_ If you created the `Nextcloud Profile` scope mapping, add it to **Selected Scopes**.
            - **Subject Mode**: `Based on the User's UUID`
    - **Configure Bindings** _(optional)_: you can create a [binding](/docs/add-secure-apps/flows-stages/bindings/) (policy, group, or user) to manage the listing and access to applications on a user's **My applications** page.

3. Click **Submit** to save the new application and provider.

:::note
Depending on your Nextcloud configuration, you may need to use `https://nextcloud.company/index.php/` instead of `https://nextcloud.company/`.
:::

## Nextcloud configuration

1. In Nextcloud, ensure that the **OpenID Connect user backend** app is installed.
2. Log in to Nextcloud as an administrator and navigate to **Settings** > **OpenID Connect**.
3. Click the **+** button and enter the following settings:

    - **Identifier**: `authentik`

>     - **Client ID**: Client ID from authentik.

Reviewer: because it is not a full sentence, no need for period.

>     - **Client secret**: Client secret from authentik.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Client secret**: Client secret from authentik
```

    - **Application**: provide a descriptive name, an optional group for the type of application, the policy engine mode, and optional UI settings.
        - Note the application slug because it will be required later.
    - **Choose a Provider type**: select **SAML Provider** as the provider type.
    - **Configure the Provider**: provide a name (or accept the auto-provided name), the authorization flow to use for this provider, and the following required configurations.
        - Set the **ACS URL** to `https://nextcloud.company/apps/user_saml/saml/acs`.
        - Set the **Issuer** to `https://authentik.company`.
        - Set the **Audience** to `https://nextcloud.company/apps/user_saml/saml/metadata`.
        - Set the **Service Provider Binding** to `Post`.
        - Under **Advanced protocol settings**, set an available signing certificate.
    - **Configure Bindings** _(optional)_: you can create a [binding](/docs/add-secure-apps/flows-stages/bindings/) (policy, group, or user) to manage the listing and access to applications on a user's **My applications** page.

3. Click **Submit** to save the new application and provider.

:::note

> Depending on your Nextcloud configuration, you may need to use `https://nextcloud.company/index.php/` instead of `https://nextcloud.company/`.

Reviewer: Actually, "might" is the correct term. There's a [remote] chance this "might" happen... whereas "may" can imply permissions to do something and also implies a greater chance of something happening...

:::

## Download the signing certificate

1. Log in to authentik as an administrator and open the authentik Admin interface.
2. Navigate to **Applications** > **Providers** and click on the name of the newly created Nextcloud provider.
3. Under **Download signing certificate** click the **Download** button. The contents of this certificate will be required in the next section.

## Configure group quotas _(optional)_

> To configure group quotas you'll need to create groups in authentik for each quota, and a property mapping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure group quotas you will need to create groups in authentik for each quota, and a property mapping.
```

    - On the **Server** tab:

        - Click the **+** icon and enter the following settings:
            - **Host**: enter the hostname/IP address of the authentik LDAP outpost preceded by `ldap://` or `ldaps://`.

>             - **Port**: `389` or `636` for secure LDAP.

Reviewer 2: for LDAPS I'm pretty sure you'd also need to specify the cert, is there any field in the UI for this
